{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=4.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:04}} - 
\f1\b Yuliya Fortsel (Symfa)
\f0\b0 \
Okay, I see that a lot of people are here. Shall we wait for someone else, or everyone is here already from the invite?\
I think everyone here is from Plateau, who's going to be here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=18.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:18}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
My name is Erin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=23.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @0:23}} - 
\f1\b Yuliya Fortsel (Symfa)
\f0\b0 \
Nice to meet you. My name is Julia, and we didn't meet before, so let me introduce my team. Here on the call is Alina, our business analyst, and Artemi, our solution architect.\
I'm Julia, the project manager from Symfa, and we are helping with automation, modernization, and in scope of the security compliance product, we're going to document all the current systems you currently use, and we decided to start with the operational department.\
And the topic for today's call is to have an... Overview of what application you are currently using and what is your current processes.\
And if you don't mind, we would like to record this meeting for further references. Okay, I will start this.\
Please let me know if you are not okay with this. And Alina, I think that you may pick this conversation up and start with the general questions.\
So, I'm sharing my screen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=90.532"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @1:30}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Let me know if you can see it. Yes, we can. Yes, we can. So, we got this picture with the application which I used in Plata and they are divided into two group, internal and SaaS application.\
So, we would like to start from internal one, from operations module and probably you can start just explaining us the system like one by one.\
So, what's interesting for us is how do you use them? So, what's interesting Tasks you perform there and how they interact with each other.\
And sorry, Alina for interruption, Eric, you wanted to add something?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=131.444"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @2:11}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
No, we had an announcement inside and it overrode my, I had to resume.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=138.964"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @2:18}} - 
\f1\b Yuliya Fortsel (Symfa)
\f0\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=139.564"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @2:19}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay, let me give you a big, big overview. So the ladies in the room are just, there's, well, three.\
They, yeah, that's not true. Under operations, they do use APS Transcredit, Term Life, Group Mortgage, AS400, four-point, we're working on the AS400 already.\
And eWIN loan is an outside program that we purchased from someone else. It's a software as a service that we run on our website.\
So the internal systems that access frontends are APS Transcredit. Transcredit, Term Life, and Group Mortgage. We're going to combine the Term Life and Group Mortgage back into Transcredit so that we're only doing one.\
But as you know, we're already in the process of converting Transcredit to Blazer and C-sharp. Yeah. All right. So that's the big picture for those.\
Everything else is pretty much related to other operations within the building. So, yeah, that's the biggie. That's where we are today.\
And these are the top five, Transcredit, Term Life, Group Mortgage, Extend Plus, PTS, plus \'96 no, and those five are running on SQL Server backends with Access frontends.\
PTS, we're not going to be looking at converting. That's a totally \'96 we'll probably buy an external system instead of rewriting PTS if that business grows.\
So, Doc Management is \'96 Exactly that. It's our document management system. So paper scanned in, stored into doc management for lookup, all of that.\
That's a purchased outside packaged system that we use. GlobalScape FTP, SFTP is just that. It's also an external system.\
We're converting the FACE 400. 4.0 is an internal system that's written on Oracle today and will be moved. We're ready to start testing on a .NET SQL backend off of the Oracle system.\
So, yeah. So let's probably want to talk about TransCredit. thing on this one is a lot. Ammon's got probably 80 plus percent of that already rewritten.\
So that'll, yeah. And the big one, we've already doing some research. Search on is Agent Services, which touches primarily APS Setup.\
I've already removed APS CRM out of the picture, so that one can be scratched off. Not sure about Agent Num Link.\
Can't remember. It may still be there. But, yeah, there's some of these we've already gotten rid of since this diagram was designed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=331.58"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @5:31}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
I'm really sorry, but I'm not in the context. I watched the video which we performed for agent-related operations-related stuff.\
But it was so fast. I would like to deep into the details. Can we go to the beginning of this conversation?\
This is four applications. This is a separate application, or it's a component of one application. application. They are separate applications.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=364.272"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:04}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
They're separate access frontends that all hit the same \'96 well, that's not true. They are separate access frontends, and we are internally working on combining a couple of the \'96 APS Term Life is going to be our first to combine back into APS TransCredit along with the underlying data tables.\
So we're working on \'96 Brannon is working on that. I don't know if you've met Brannon or not, Alina, but he's our DBA.\
He's working on identifying the differences there so that we can combine those together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=400.672"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:40}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
You want to combine these four applications together, back end of this application, not frontend?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=409.932"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:49}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Really awesome. He just dropped.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=415.192"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @6:55}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver II (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
I think \'96 Alina, I'm pretty sure that the long-term goal here is we're having \'96 Kind of one primary front end for all of operations, and then each one is going to have the certain pieces that apply to them specifically, because obviously each one's a different type of business that we operate with, and so they all have their kind of their own calculations, their own pieces.\
Now, obviously, the front ends will look very similar, but they're not identical, obviously.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=443.564"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:23}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
We can say that this is very similar products, and they're distinguished only based on the product with which they operate.\
Yeah, and some of the workflow, true statement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=454.444"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:34}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Term Life and Group Mortgage both have an application before you get the insurance and have to be underwritten, as opposed to what's in trans credit is already an issued insurance certificate before we get it.\
A little bit different.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=474.284"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:54}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yes, Arjun.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=475.124"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @7:55}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
May I also ask a quick question? So, So, the... The UI is similar. The applications are different because of, for example, some differences in calculation, et cetera.\
And the last point database is the same, maybe different tables, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=499.796"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @8:19}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah, there are a few additional tables, but overall, the main tables, you've seen, no, you've seen mostly the AS400 stuff.\
It's different in APS, the access protection system. It is their cert master and cert names and cert, those are all consistent across all of those databases, all the first four databases.\
Yeah, they originally started as copies of APS TransCredit when we, so we've been doing credit insurance for years. And then back in mid-2010s.\
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's 2014, 2015, we picked up Term Life and Group Mortgage, and we created separate copies of APS Plateau, got rid of some things that weren't needed, and added in some things that were needed so that it was consistent, can be combined easily for month-end processing and reporting.\
But, yeah, it's moved it out so that the workflows could be customized for those new pieces. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=572.368"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:32}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Thanks. Alina?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=577.068"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:37}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So what's about PTS? What is that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=580.508"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:40}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
That stands for Plateau Title Services, and it's one that we can just carve out completely. It's a very small system, and instead of rewriting it, we will go find an outside vendor that has a system, if we decide to grow it.\
No, no, we mean...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=599.908"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @9:59}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
mean... you. We need to provide a description for entire landscape of application to be compliant, so this is why I need to get some description.\
If you are using that, we need to provide a description of this application. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=616.6"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:16}} - 
\f1\b Yuliya Fortsel (Symfa)
\f0\b0 \
Maybe, Alina, what would you say? It doesn't make sense to ask ladies to describe the general processes, daily processes, what application they're using, for what purposes.\
Maybe this will cover the part of these applications, maybe some others. This is just an idea. It's up to you how to handle this call.\
Okay. We can do it in this way. Erin, want to share your screen and walk through TransCredit?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=653.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:53}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Sure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=654.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:54}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Let see if can find it real fast, because I'm in the conference room. That's right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=658.04"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @10:58}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
an C Databases, APS TransCredit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=672.152"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:12}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So let's go through the flow. So this is Transcredit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=681.892"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:21}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
We start with a control screen where we enter a report number. Let's find one real fast. What is that?\
Is it some application?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=697.712"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:37}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=700.172"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:40}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
This is Microsoft Access and the front ends are in Microsoft Access.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=708.992"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:48}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
We have this application on this diagram.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=714.032"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:54}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
I don't see it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=716.072"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @11:56}} - 
\f1\b Yuliya Fortsel (Symfa)
\f0\b0 \
This is Transcredit, yeah? Am I right? This is APS Transcredit, yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=720.292"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:00}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
let's app So currently we are talking on the flow, then the business is built with the agents, right? The business is built.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=738.844"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:18}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Say that again. So this is the agent processing application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=745.904"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:25}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So we need to create agent, give license, and so on. So that means that this is a part of the business where you are selling insurance via agents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=755.604"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:35}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So this is after the insurance is sold at the bank. So our customers are banks or finance companies or credit unions or all that.\
After the insurance is sold there, and at the end of the month, they send us their business, and we process that into our trans credit system.\
So this is the operational piece of our business.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=779.544"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @12:59}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
our business. Okay, so it's existing customer already. Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=785.196"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:05}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah, the onboarding piece that we've talked about as well that's being looked at, the agent services side of it, is prior to this piece.\
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=797.216"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:17}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Quick question from my side, Tim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=800.536"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:20}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
We have data at the end of the month, and we need to type this data by hands, or do we have any API, maybe some hints, how can we transport data to this application?\
Or we transport and then can check by our eyes that data is correct.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=824.296"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @13:44}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So, combination, yes, there are a lot that come in still on paper, and we do not have APIs. Our customers do not, cannot currently connect via API.\
As you can see here. Thank you very much, Erin. This is an electronic remit. We call them e-remits. So we receive a data file from this finance company and load that directly into our system via import.\
So they can either type it in and then build up your, we'll call it a batch, build up your batch of certificates and then process that batch of certificates for that bank.\
Or we can import a data file which creates the batch and then process. Okay, Erin, go for it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=878.728"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @14:38}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
So from our input tab, if this were a manual report, we could input an issue transaction and we would have a certificate number and maybe a branch and officer initials.\
And the issue date.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=900.48"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:00}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Here we can either put the maturity date or the term.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=905.38"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @15:05}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Loan type generally pulls in on e-remits. It's not something we generally put in annually. We could have an amount financed, an interest rate.\
If it were a balloon loan, we would indicate that here because the final payment would be greater than the normal payment amount.\
And then we're also tracking form information right now. I think this is Alabama. We could just pick an element in on.\
I think good now. And then we'll put the customer's name, first, last. And then a social, a date of birth.\
And that automatically calculates the age for us. There was a secondary, we put them in as well. you. now.\
There was a secondary, you know, there was a secondary. you there a here. we area. So, You Again, the calculation there for us.\
We have plan codes associated with the different products that this account is set up to write. So we have single level life, joint level life, single net pay life, joint net pay life, single seven-day disability, single 30-day IUI, we think a good one, dual interest personal property, single interest auto, and then there's a regular vehicle physical damage and a forced place vehicle physical damage.\
So if we just have life, we're making up numbers because I don't know the math off the top of my head.\
If this was the only plan on the certificate, we would just enter this one plan. If we had additional plans, if they also had disability or property, we would add those as plan two and three and then save the certificate.\
Great. And it threw up some errors, because I did not calculate very well. I guess $50, and it's $264.\
The way that this agent is set up, it also exceeded the maximum term, and I listed two customers when it's only a single plan type.\
So there's a fair amount of fact-checking as we go through manual input. And then we can correct it if we want to.\
So we can go back and say, yes, we want to correct. And we can change the term to 24.\
We can change this to joint. And we can change this to a different number. And it still didn't like my calculation.\
We can go back and fix it. term. Thank And then it takes it. Because this is a live report, this is a little scary.\
I should have gone back another month. At this point, we would key in all the issues. We would key in all the cancellations.\
To process the cancellation, we've already got the agent number, and it pre-filled our last certificate, which is good for us, because we can find it.\
And it's got all the information that I keyed in from the issue. So then all we have to do here is key in the cancel date.\
And the system will calculate what the premium refund is based on that cancellation date. And then we would key in the amount that the bank told us.\
And it may be a little bit off. They may have given them $254. We do have a very small tolerance built in.\
So if it's within tolerance, it will tell us. If it's out of tolerance, it will tell us. If If try to do 264, for example, let's just do $300, it will tell us that there's an error.\
It won't tell us specifically what the error is at this stage, we'll get to the end of the report and run an error list, and it will tell us at that point that I keyed in a refund for $300, which exceeded the original premium entirely, and it will tell me how much the calculation is actually for.\
So at this point, we would go through all corrections, which we work off of this error list. We may reach out to the bank to discuss, you know, what differences we see, how they want us to correct it, whether it really should have been a single policy, or whether it should be a joint policy, if there's a type mismatch, things like\
Like that, if they exceed because of max ages or max terms, we'll talk about how we can correct that and work with our bank partners to figure out how best to correct it.\
Customers get notified, so we create a letter outside of the system to send to the customer. Once all of this gets corrected, we'll balance the report.\
And as you can see, this report had a lot of data on it already, and my error here is the pending transaction is the cancellation.\
That's the only thing on that error list, and you can see that that's the $300. And then over here to the side, we have balancing.\
So at this point, the report is out of balance. It shows an amount due agent of $14, $14.40. But it takes all the transactions that were input, and then shows the difference on what.\
It was approved. So we started with 21 issued policies. We've got 22 now because I added this $264 level life policy.\
And so the difference between the $226 and the $300 plus commission is that $1440.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1278.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:18}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Can I ask you, these transactions, what do you mean by transaction work?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1286.19"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @21:26}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
So this tallies up every transaction that we've keyed into the report. So every single transaction and cancel transaction. So show the C-list.\
So the C-list, have a table with every single policy that's been issued. We've got agent information, certificate, cert ID, plan, code numbers, trans type, twenties or cancellations, tens or issues.\
Trans date is the effective date. Trans premium is the amount that was collected or refunded, depending on what this trans type indicates.\
Trans RYM, where it was reported, we track primary and secondary information. So all of these P's indicate that it's a single type policy.\
We've got customer name and information. Risk code information, states, risk forms, and again, amount information. The benefit amount, the premium amount, the commissions can be different by plan.\
As you can see, we've got some at 60 percent, some at 53 percent commission. issue date and maturity date.\
All the information that we keyed in manually or imported from that import file breaks down into these different tables.\
Can you explain me a little bit on the high level view?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1384.42"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:04}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So I'm your partner, I'm a bank, and I'm selling your insurance plans. And I'm providing this file to you, this transaction.\
What will be in this file? Like if something is happening with my end user to whom I sold the insurance, I will do this refund to them, and then I will ask you to refund this money to me or how this will work.\
So any money goes back and forth between Plateau and the bank partner.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1415.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @23:35}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
So if we make an adjustment for $50 total, that $50 is due back to the customer, so the bank's customer, and they've got a 50% commission, then Plateau provides $25 of that $50, and the bank provides the other $25 of the $50 to give back to the customer's loan.\
And that this goes bank going The total commission or the total premium left the retained commission. So that's what this commission rate is.\
So this is only about commissions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1453.15"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:13}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
This is about processing all the data which includes commission.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1457.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:17}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
It's premiums and commissions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1461.77"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:21}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
what is premium like then insurance event is happening and end user is paid final and user is paid or what is premiums?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1472.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:32}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
So what they what the customer is paying is the risk premium. So to get coverage of this amount for the risk rate amount they're paying this much money.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1486.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:46}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Is it end user individual or is it bank? So that is the end user paying the risk premium.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1494.69"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:54}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
It's financed with the loan. The bank is in the middle though.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1498.25"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @24:58}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So the end user pays the bank, the bank pays us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1506.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:06}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Bank paying to bank, bank is transferring this full amount to you and you are paying commission to bank. Correct.\
They usually retain the commission up front.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1516.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:16}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1517.7"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:17}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Now it's clear. Okay. And what is cancellation? When policy can be cancelled?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1524.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:24}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
If the loan is paid off early, if the loan is charged off and they're not trying to collect on the loan anymore, they can send in a cancellation.\
They rework them. Yeah, get refinanced into new loans. There's lots of different reasons why it could be cancelled. They could pay a life claim and then the disability plan would be cancelled.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1548.36"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @25:48}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
And what about this situation then insurance event has happened and you need to pay insurance coverage to end user.\
Will you do it via bank or directly with user? for note. Okay. It's to the bank. From the bank again.\
And this file contains all these different types of transactions. Yeah. And they're providing it to you manually, like every month, and you're uploading it manually, so there is no any integration with external system from this application.\
That's a true statement. It's usually a text data file. Clear. Now it's clear. Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1596.47"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @26:36}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
If we go back and look at this agent summary report, you can see the total that's issued, the total that's canceled, the net is the difference between those, and then the retained commission is what the bank keeps, and then what they remit to us is the agent remit.\
If there's a level two type commission, there's not a lot of those, but they would retain that. But generally, what they're going to send us is this net remit amount.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1629.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:09}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
And you can see that they sent that to us, they prepaid this account, $450.59.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1636.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:16}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
And the only reason that we're off is because I added that extra certificate to it. That was the test.\
If I take that back out, this report will balance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1647.74"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:27}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay, clear. Artem, do you have any questions for this system?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1657.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:37}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Right now, I think not, but I will be happy to have opportunity to send questions by e-mail maybe next week when I will deep dive to this component.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1678.96"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @27:58}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Do want to see anything else from API? Do\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1681.66"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:01}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Transcredit, or can I close this? Go to Claims, so that we can, April can discuss that, please.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1690.76"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:10}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1694.2"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:14}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Claims are still same system, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1696.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:16}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
It's just another component. Same front end, it's just an additional, yeah, same different module within the front end.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1707.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @28:27}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Okay, for Claims, of course, we get the claim in by the agent account, and we go to search for that person in the system.\
We might have to go and find the coverage that Credit Op has put in. So once we go and look for a customer, I'm just trying to think of one here we've done lately.\
Okay. We will do, we have different ways of doing searches. All of these options down here give us a way to.\
we go. go. Here Thank Find the customer's insurance. We can look by their social number, by name, by if they have an existing claim already, certificate.\
We just got a first thing we have to do in our piece of the world is find that person's coverage.\
We have to do some balance and checks, make sure that we have the correct certificate. Here, there's one. I need to go find one that's active.\
Let's just go out here. Let's say... Do you want me to take that cancel off and even put one on the test customer?\
Yeah, if you want. No. That'll won't. I don't want to put it on just anybody. I don't know why.\
It's going to a lot easier to take an hour from your digital jet one. What's your name? We'll do three for the test.\
Yep. Okay. So I didn't pay attention. I don't want another time. One, five, six quarters in the week. Okay.\
Okay. Maybe it's five tests. Maybe it's just one, three tests. Okay. Eric, you got any ideas why I can't see the top of the screen?\
There's an X on the far right in that dark gray. What does that do? Okay. Okay. Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1860.82"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:00}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay. Thank Sorry, I was muted. Do the arrow right above the X. If you do the X, it's going to close out the whole thing.\
Okay. Hi.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=1870.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @31:10}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
I can't get back to the top. Page up. Yeah, page up will work. Go ahead and copy that for you.\
Okay. Just put it to where I can put a claim in. Hit your page up button. There you go.\
Certificate? Yeah. Okay. So we put the cert in on this one. We can put a claim on it. Okay.\
So once we get the claim in, we have to identify what type of business it is. So right here we have a couple plans.\
They're life claims. look. to Okay. So let's let's we Once we identify the correct person, we've got, we'll just put it on this first one.\
Once we find it, and it is a status one right here, that means that the certificate is active. It tells us the issue date.\
Everything matches. We're going to go ahead and do view certificate. Okay. Once we, you know, just verify everything, make sure we have the right person, make sure, you know, there's no, nothing going on.\
Everything's good. We can go over here and put, open a claim in this button right here. And this is where we can now put the claim on.\
We have to go and search. Sometimes there's more than one plan. We've got a life plan and a disability plan in most cases.\
So if we're putting a life claim on, we put a life, choose a life plan. If we're putting a disability claim on, we choose a disability plan.\
But you have to make sure you pick the right. But Plan. Then the system assigns a claim number for us automatically.\
So we'll use that one. And then we'll go over and put in a claim date. Basically, that's the date of death on a life claim.\
And the disability, of course, is just the beginning disability. 10-1. Thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2006.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:26}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
File date is just today's date.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2009.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @33:29}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Then we'll go in and choose what the reason is for their death or disability. So we'll go and find that, pick that.\
Then we'll go in and choose their occupation, whatever it is that they do for a living. Then we'll in and find their lien holder.\
If we can identify who, I mean, if we can find the lien holder in the system, then we'll go ahead and choose that.\
If we can't find them, we can add them by this button right here. And then we go in here, we put the cause, whatever they died from.\
Put all that information in. Then we come down here and we will put in their loan number that's on their loan.\
Then we come down here. If the person is a secondary, we would have to change this P to an S.\
But this deceased person is the primary holder. So we will keep that as a P. Down here, this is where we, it depends on who the claim is on.\
So we're saying it's the primary person. So we'll go in and put in their . And then their address.\
Sarah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2110.84"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:10}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
And how are you creating this claim? So you're also getting this information from the same file and manually move it to this claim module, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2122.02"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:22}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Yes, we get that information and put it in here. Claim form. Yeah, whatever information they give, you know, we get it different ways.\
It could be, but it's from a claim form they have to complete. We may get it emailed. We may get it faxed to us.\
We may get it uploaded to ShareFile. But they have to submit the claim paperwork.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2143.24"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:43}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2145.62"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @35:45}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
And then we can put their phone number in if we have it. Once we get all the information in, sometimes we use these two fields.\
Most of the time we don't, though. We just click over. So here and hit save, and we will then be able to use some of these buttons here, like right now we have, because we're not paperless, we do a claim jacket where we keep with the file, and we can print their privacy statement, so we're able to just print that and mail that out to the customer, because they do have to have that.\
And that's about it. Once we X out of it, we go back, X all the way out, go back into it, we can see now that there's a claim on it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2206.01"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:46}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So now there's a claim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2207.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:47}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
All that information we put in is set up for this customer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2213.35"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @36:53}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
How do you verify that the claim is real, like checking some certificates or... or... Do you prescription or anything else?\
Well, with the death certificate, with the life plan, we get a death certificate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2228.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:08}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
So we have that documentation as part of the file. With the disability, we have the doctors filling out their section.\
And, you know, it's pretty obvious if it's a doctor filling it out, doctor office filling it out or not.\
If the customer is filling it out, we can pretty much tell. So this is a manual verification.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2251.28"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:31}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So a responsible user will just check if necessary information provided or not. And if not, then request to provide it via flying channels, for example, to send some form or you will call a doctor and ask something.\
If we have to, we will contact the doctor's office if we need additional information or something doesn't look right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2273.52"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @37:53}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
It may look a little fraudulent, we'll call to verify anything. But yeah, we can usually tell that it's... done by the physician's office.\
Most of them stamp, have a stamp, and they stamp their information, or we may get records with it, but usually we can tell that it's a legitimate claim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2294.46"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:14}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So there is no automated integration, so where you can click the button check and it will go some federal medical history database, nothing like this?\
Not right now. No. Okay. No, that doesn't exist.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2313.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:33}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So everything's manual, okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2315.78"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:35}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah. Yeah, not right, no, we don't have that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2318.1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:38}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
Right now we manually set up the claims and they have to complete a claim form to get the information to us so that we can verify that, you know, we do need to, you know, prove and pay their claim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2332.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:52}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Okay. Tom?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2335.4"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:55}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yes, thank you. you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2336.64"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @38:56}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So we saw a set of steps that we need. To do, to have a result, a result like we see right now.\
And let us imagine that something goes wrong, for example, with electricity, maybe your laptop, maybe something else. I mean that we stop on one step, and then we need to come back and continue.\
The question is about the data and the dependency between this application and storage. I mean, for example, each step we send data to the database site, like, okay, for this step we have these updates.\
Next step we, again, ask database site about the data and continue to update the data. or it is the common process and we store the result as is to the database and all the steps we play with.\
Data in an independent way, without storing the parts of updates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2414.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:14}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So in every step, if you noticed on each one, there was a save button on those. So if they've completed the screen piece and they've hit save, it is automatically hitting the SQL database on the back end.\
If not, then if that screen is not saved, they may have to reenter that piece. So there's no current state save while the form is open if they haven't actually hit save.\
Because they could also hit exit, and there's no reason for it to be there. Okay, thank you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2450.8"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @40:50}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So generally, if something goes wrong with my laptop, I will be able to continue from the second step, for example.\
Instead, start from one, right? Mm-hmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2462.43"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:02}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
We also have that, if we put a claim on the wrong person, I mean, accidents happen, we can delete it.\
mean, we can fix it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2471.81"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:11}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
In the same month. Well, yeah, true. Supposed to be in the same month. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2478.61"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:18}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
And there are protections against that as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2480.97"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:20}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
We can also go in and let's say we find out additional information, we can go in and update something.\
Like, say we all put the wrong claim date on, you know, we can fix it. Or if we put, you know, whatever, use the wrong codes, we can fix it.\
And then we can, you know, save it. Yeah.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2502.33"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:42}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Jim, it's clear?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2504.57"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:44}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Eric, maybe a question to you, I mean, database side.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2508.65"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @41:48}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Just, I try to understand. Okay, we have a first version of data, for example, for this one to three test certificate.\
Okay, and then in one week. Maybe in one day we make a decision, okay, let us make some updates from the data point of view.\
We will have a new record, or, and the old record will mark like not actual, or maybe we will have one record, just update.\
I mean, will we have the history, like before we have the... Yeah, no transaction history on these tables. No, it's, it can, it updates the original record.\
Oh, okay, thank you. That was my question, thanks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2557.72"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:37}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah, unless there's another payment made on it, you know, that would be an additional transaction, or, but for the claim master especially, it would update the information in that original record, correct.\
No transactions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2573.68"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:53}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Alina? I have a question from business point of view.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2577.22"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @42:57}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So, we discussed about the case with the bank, but on... In Microsoft Dynamics session, we discussed about, for example, marketing representative, and this is the person who represents you on the market, so who promotes your services on the market, but it's not some kind of company, right?\
And if markets represent, like individual person brings you, the client, how this process will look then? Also, everything, all transaction will go through the marketing representative.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2611.98"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @43:31}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
So, okay, so if it's just individual person, will the marketing rep brings the client, who is the bank, or the finance company, or the credit union, not an individual.\
So, a lot of the things we're talking about in the CRM are new opportunities that are not going to go into the credit insurance.\
So, going to insurance, so it may be, It's, we don't, we don't deal directly with an individual for insurance.\
We never, except at claim time, we may have to deal with an individual at claim time. But as far as the certificates and who's writing the business, you could not come directly to us and get insurance from us.\
You would have to go through one of our customers to get insurance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2664.51"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:24}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
I see. Okay. Thank you. Well, we do track marketing information in the reports as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2673.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:33}} - 
\f1\b Erin Young
\f0\b0 \
And you can see, we've got general agent here on the control tab. Okay, we have one more minute.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2682.11"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @44:42}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
We can continue with 15 or we can stop as you wish. Actually, our goal is to document, at least on high level, all systems which exist on this, on this page, which I shared, and understand how they communicate with each.\
I they have internal, external integration or not, and all such details, and I believe we will need to have similar sessions for every application from this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 ACTION ITEM: Email Eric Shaver (Plateau) app-by-app questionnaire re: usage, data, integrations, security - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2703.9999"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 WATCH}}
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2714.16"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:14}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Do you have a list of the questions you want to know for each of those applications, such as your internal, external connectivity somewhere, where the data is stored?\
You know, what are the, what are the questions? I know you're documenting the entire flow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2734.3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:34}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
What are the questions?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2735.32"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:35}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
And we may be able to give you some of those answers and get us to a point before we go forward, because like on the left-hand side, Eric Shaver II will be providing almost all of that because it's security related.\
Yeah, probably a good idea.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2754.5"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @45:54}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
can create a list of questions. First, it will be like first step, clean up step. And then, Yeah, maybe a friendship or something, yeah.\
Okay, okay, yeah, I think it can speed up the process.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2768.73"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:08}} - 
\f1\b Eric Shaver (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah, I guess that might help us move forward because all of these have so many individual parts that, yeah, and a lot of them are similar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2780.37"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:20}} - 
\f1\b Alina Ashakova (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Yeah, it is very interesting, I agree. Okay, okay, then, thank you very much. Thank you for the session. We will think about this list of questions.\
We'll send it to you. Thank you, have a nice weekend. Thank you all for your time and wish you a good weekend.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fathom.video/calls/451534388?timestamp=2798.45"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 @46:38}} - 
\f1\b Artem Arefev (Plateau Group)
\f0\b0 \
Thank you, I appreciate it. you.\
}